So here we go.
This is a small vendor.
Please accept it with a smile as a gift to the descendants of the Li family.
put on airs
Don't tell me
You, a fried powder seller, also know stocks
Listen, he's a layman
Don't look at this line chart
Open your mouth
They know.
Do you need to analyze where to buy stocks?
Hahahaha
He sells fried
Fans have no access to stocks
How could he know that stocks still need analysis?
This kind of person?
Appeared in my Li family
What a tragedy for the whole family
As long as you are happy
I'll go first
Roll as far as possible
Don't say your last name Li in the future
By the way, three days later
It was me and the daughter of the Tang family who talked about Aoxue's wedding
I prepared some light wine in the imperial building
Welcome, uncles and uncles
Hope not to dislike
What are you going to get drunk
Wedding in the Imperial Palace
I'm dying of laughter.
Do you know what the Imperial Palace is?
That building is the top one.
Nine Star Premier Hotel
Minimum cost?
Million from you
Fried powder for a lifetime
Don't even think about entering the threshold of the imperial building
I still hope to hold a wedding in the Imperial Palace
Hahaha hey
The second uncle is just pretending
There's no need to poke people out
Failed to inherit the board
My big brother is already very devastated.
Brag
It's human nature to regain your self-esteem
Otherwise, you really have to jump off the building and commit suicide, hahaha.
What? Are you serious?
Stock has fallen by 90%.